chore: Update model list (2026-07-24) (#2077)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/strong-horses-greet.md

---
"@sap-ai-sdk/core": minor
"@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration": minor
---

[feat] Added `GcpVertexAiEmbeddingModel` type with `gemini-embedding` to `@sap-ai-sdk/core`.

> Added `GcpVertexAiEmbeddingModel` to the `EmbeddingModel` union in `@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[feat] Add `GcpVertexAiEmbeddingModel` type with `gemini-embedding` to `@sap-ai-sdk/core`.
Add `GcpVertexAiEmbeddingModel` to the `EmbeddingModel` union in `@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration`.  
```
